back for another Simpsons update this is
on Simpsons tapped-out
for iPhone also on iPad iPod and Android
devices however as we learned you can't
add friends on Android I discovered that
one of my last videos anyhow today I've
done the update this is a March 21st
update which has given us the
Springfield Buddhist temple and Mount
Carl that's what that does and it makes
you some money if we want it we could
speed it on up and I don't think the
mountain does anything no not at all
doesn't matter it's still kind of cool
so in addition to those two things this
update has given us both Carl and Lenny
who are gay lovers and engage in yellow
Springfield II in gay sex let's see what
he's got to say huh
got those which will add a few new
missions while we're here if you want
I'll give you a quick look at the back
alley anyway I've been doing a little
bit of remodel and gonna make another
best Springfield video probably so you
guys be sure to check that out I've got
pretty well built up Springfield
I'm obviously rich that's how we can
afford eight thousand one hundred and
eighty eight doughnuts so just enjoy
that case you guys like to read some of
this so yeah I'm gonna zip across
unfortunately I'm built all we can look
an emergency I love that that was my
shit right there I was important to put
where and mr. Burns's mansion of course
on the last update we added so obviously
we put a police car there and that
should pretty much sum up the video guys
so hopefully you've enjoyed it leave
your your username or whatever on the
video in the comment section if you want
so that other people can add you and
that's it we're now I guess we'll
probably be waiting another month or so
at least for the next update there is
one more that I should mention I don't
have it yet it's the adult education
annex I thought it was going to be the
adult video annex that would have been a
lot better but it's going to require
going through some of the missions as
please guys so I can also hear speed
them up and try to get it but I still
got a summer some tested I locked that
so you'll have to wait for another video
for that but thanks for watching guys
hopefully you've enjoyed and be sure to
subscribe and click that like button
thanks guys